Todays technologies enable us to read book on electronic devices and what's more we can store hundreds of thousands of books on devices like Amazon's kindle e-reader. This makes some people to believe that people will stop printing books and in the future everything will be digitalized.
Electronic books and newspapers have many advantages. They are easy to use and rech. They can be stored in computers mobiles e-readers and in cloud in huge amounts and are available at any time. The cost of manufacturing and printing is completely removed which reduced their price. Digital book and newspapers also have one very important advantage - they are environmentally friendly. No paper is used to print magazines and books which means less trees are cut from our forests to produce papers. All of these factors convinced many people that digital versions of books and magazines is more convenient ethical and cheaper choice.
On the other hand traditional printed books and magazines have existed for centuries and I believe they have created some kind of emotional connection and value for people. When a man reads a book and he likes it he most probably would like to have it in a form of a tangible thing. Books are a form of art like statues and paintings. You can have a picture of some famous painting but the painting itself has some intangible value. Magazines and newspapers do not have such a value in themselves.
Based on this I believe that the amount of books are printed will decrease considerably and maybe even dramatically however printed tangible books will still be demanded by many people as they have some aura and value in addition to the things that are written inside.
I do think though that there is a big chance magazines and newspapers will move into the online world completely. This is because they are published in huge numbers daily and weekly and monthly and no one needs them after years. Printing so huge amount of articles will demand additional recources and make them less competitive even in terms of price.
